Lemmatizers (#2)
screeve/lemmatizer: README.md

# Lemmatizer

> Lemmatization functionality for Georgian language. screeve-postagger is a small encoder-decoder (sequence-to-sequence) model trained on Georgian National Corpus for lemmatizing Georgian senteces. We provide you with two types of lemmatizer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lemmatization functionality for Georgian language. screeve-lemmatizer is a small encoder-decoder (seq2seq) model trained on Georgian National Corpus for lemmatizing Georgian words. We provide you with two types of lemmatizers.
```

Reviewer: ამავე პარაგრაფში 1-2 წინადადებით ვთქვათ რა განსხვავებაა ამ ორ ტიპს შორის

You can use basic Lemmatizer in the following manner:

```python
from transformers import BartForConditionalGeneration, AutoTokenizer, pipeline

model = BartForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained("Nargizi/screeve-lemmatizer")
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("Nargizi/screeve-lemmatizer")

tagger = pipeline("text2text-generation", model=model, tokenizer=tokenizer)

ka_word = "დამიწერია"
result = tagger(ka_word)
print(result)

> ```

Reviewer: აქაც აჩვენე რას დაბეჭდავს

For the Lemmatizer with POS tags as additional input use the following code:

```python
from transformers import BartForConditionalGeneration, AutoTokenizer, pipeline

model = BartForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained("Nargizi/screeve-pos-lemmatizer")
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("Nargizi/screeve-pos-lemmatizer")

ka_word = "დამიწერია"

> pos_tag = "V"

Reviewer: ამის მაგივრად ხომ არ ჯობდა ჩვენი pos-tagger გამოგვეყენებინა? თან რეპოს ლინკიც რომ მივუთითოთ

encoded_ka_word = tokenizer(ka_word, text_pair=pos_tag, return_tensors="pt")
generated_tokens = model.generate(**encoded_ka_word)
result = tokenizer.batch_decode(generated_tokens, skip_special_tokens=True)

print(result)
```

> Label descriptions:

Reviewer: და ლინკს თუ მივუთითებთ ეს ახსნებიც აღარაა აქ საჭირო
